fix: audio plays in fast forward for first few seconds (#2584)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#2577](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2577))
- Fixed `codec` option for `FFmpegOpusAudio` class to make it in line with
  documentation. ([#2581](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2581))

> - Fixed audio plays in fast forward at beginning of audio files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a possible bug where audio would play too fast at the beginning of audio files.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, much better

> - Fixed audio playing back in fast forward for the first few seconds sometimes.

Reviewer 2: Please use more clear language.
